# **Final Year Project:** <br> ***Star Fighter***


This is my final project, a 32-bit *Space Invaders* inspired game developed with Unity Engine. This game has been developed over the course of the 2022-2023 academic year and features a spaceship that the player can control and use to shoot enemies, which spawn in waves. The game is structured as follows: <br>
**Start Screen -> Level 1 -> First Boss -> Level 2 -> Second Boss -> Level 3 -> Final Boss -> Game over/Victory screen** <br>
<br>
## **1. Installation** <br>
In order to run the game correctly, please follow the following steps: <br>
1. Download the ZIP file named "StarFighterInstall" from the Moodle submission
2. Extract the contents of the ZIP file to a folder of your preferred location
3. In the extracted folder, find the executable name StarFighter.exe
4. Run the executable <br>

The game runs on Windows, Mac and Linux.

<br>

## **2. Controls** <br>
The game controls are very straightforward: use the A and D keys or the left (<) and right (>) arrow keys to move the spaceship and use the right mouse button (MB1) to shoot.

<br>

## **3. Directory Structure** <br>
The FYP folder contains the following subdirectories:
- **Assets**: this folder contains all assets used in the game, including sprites, scripts, scenes, fonts, etc.
- **Builds**: this folder contains build artifacts, such as executable files, asset bundles and APK files.
- **Library**: this folder contains metadata generated by the Unity Editor such as asset properties and is generated when the project is created.
- **Logs**: this foler contains logs generated by Unity such as errors or warnings.
- **Packages**: this folder contains Unity packages imported in the project.
- **Project Settings**: this folder stores all project preferences, input settings and graphic settings.
- **Temp**: this folder contains temporary files generated during the build process.
- **UserSettings**: this folder contains user-specific settings for the Editor.
- **.gitignore**: instructs git to ignore directories that contain user-spefic data (Builds, Library, Logs, Temp, UserSettings) when pushing to my version control system.
- **diary.md**: the diary documenting my development process.
- **StarFIghterInstall.zip**: zip file containing the game executable and the necessary files to run it.

<br>

## **3. Version Control System** <br>
https://gitlab.cim.rhul.ac.uk/zjac135/PROJECT